I'm here with my girlfriend sitting on
my lap so I realized she looks taller
than me this is a really short video
just to let you guys know better travel
plans we are flying to Beijing for the
next couple of days I don't think it's
really possible that anyone who watches
this channel is gonna meet up with us
when we're in Beijing but actually a
site from a business meeting I do not
have a whole lot to do in Beijing it's
possible you guys will get some
interesting videos of us just wandering
around with the math of Beijing looking
for vegan restaurants what what else
we're going to do in Beijing home so I
don't know some some some normal vegan
YouTube content we're gonna make some
videos of us sitting in eat noodles what
you probably make exactly the kind of
YouTube content we despise ourselves but
hey I don't know I don't know anyway
we're going to Beijing we're gonna be
there on July 5th and no 4th and 5th
yeah so if you want to bump into us
though zero no chance of the fourth and
the fifth and we fly back we are going
to France to see my daughter this is the
main trip that's coming up we're flying
to France via Bangkok Thailand so I have
invited some people that obviously
there's people in Chiang Mai
there's people other parts of Thailand
it would be possible if you're in Chiang
Mai and you're bored of a Chiang Mai I
would get bored to be in Chiang Mai
overlay a few days you might want to
come down and visit us we actually saw
on the way there we've got a few days
the 24th 25th 26th and 27th of July 2017
make sure you get the year right people
but this is enough time to plan if
you're in if you're in anywhere in
Southeast Asia in theory you might come
by and we're actually not gonna stay in
Bangkok we're gonna take the bus around
the corner to John 10 beach so John Tien
is next to infamous Pattaya
it makes you feel better to say John
Tian you can say weren't John Tien but
if all you've ever heard of his path iya
that's one of the beaches that's really
easy to get to from Bangkok Airport so
we decided on the way there we're not
gonna be in downtown Bangkok we're gonna
fly into Bangkok and then fly out again
a few weeks later that's 24th 25th 26th
and 27th and then we are in France on
the Cote d'Azur so nice is the name of
the city but if you're googling this
it's a lot easier to type in Cote d'Azur
ogive I'll give some some French and
Chinese below
yo to make it easy for you guys to
Google this we're gonna be there all the
way from July 28th until August 15th and
I am with my daughter from August 1st to
August 15th but were there for a couple
of days first to get over the jetlag to
get prepared and during those days
especially the 28th 29th or we we really
our schedule was totally open once I'm
with my daughter then basically during
daylight hours I'm gonna be busy sitting
on the floor playing with Lego with my
daughter
maybe DUPLO LEGO DUPLO some kind of
plastic block device um doing these kind
of things my time with my daughter but
yeah I think in the evenings it would be
possible for me to other people during
the time and offices to say the first
bunch of days that were there before I
take over custody and my daughter we got
nothing but time babe do you have
anything to add to this fascinating
video no we are out